Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Hey, Dad.
- Yeah, hey!
I'm sorry to bother you.
I know you're busy all the time.
Oh, I mean, it's not a bother.
Listen, I was packin'
up all that stuff
and I packed up all Mom's stuff
in the boxes and, uh...
All the painting stuff
went with it, you know.
Do you want it?
I don't paint, Dad.
You really should
paint, you know.
You got plenty of talent.
I can't.
It just...
It reminds me of her, okay?
I mean, I understand that.
But if you ever do wanna
paint, you let me know
because I think she'd like
you to have her stuff.
I'll think about it.
What is it you're
doing now, anyway?
I'm about to go paddle out
and shoot some.
Who's going out there
with you, anyway?
Jason.
Just you and Jason, huh?
Actually, there's
a makeup artist with us.
Her name's Meghan.
Jason said they're
pretty good friends.
Okay, nice and professional, eh?
Where exactly are you gonna
go to take these photos?
Just that same little spot.
All right. Well, you
gotta make sure
you're checkin'
the weather, right?
Yeah, it's good.
I mean, we've been there
hundreds of times, so...
Listen, I know you're
a water baby, but,
you know, it is the ocean.
Let's face it.
It's a bay, Dad, and
if the weather gets bad,
then we'll just turn
around and come back.
It'll be fine, all right?
But I gotta go.
We're about to load up.
All right.
Well, be careful.
Thanks.
Listen, have fun, okay?
Please remember I love you
and I miss you.
Love you, too.
Oh, this reminds me
when I was 12.
You ate this when you were 12?
You didn't?
No. I had Slim Jims.
Tried to find Slim Jims.
This is all they had.
You know what's
in Slim Jims, right?
No, not really.
Have you ever heard
of Soylent Green?
Yeah. Like the drink.
You're losing points here!
The 1973 classic
with Charlton Heston.
Soylent Green is people!
People? Okay.
That's why it tastes so good.
You're gross.
You're grosser.
Ugh.
Sarah!
Meet Meghan.
Meghan, meet Sarah.
Thanks for the introduction.
We actually met once before.
Our last photo exhibit,
you said something like
our photos
look like paintings.
Oh, yeah!
Painting with light!
Wow, you have a great memory.
Wouldn't forget it.
Great. I didn't know you guys
had met before.
There was a lot
of people at that show.
Well, Meghan showed
me her portfolio.
And her makeup work is awesome.
Yeah. I actually checked
it out online.
Nice work.
Great. All right.
We're all awesome then.
Yeah!
Hey, listen, guys,
I know we planned on going
back to that island
just past Cudjoe Basin.
But I wanted to pitch
another option.
You know that hurricane
that tore through
the Keys last month?
Well, it rearranged
all the channels
leading into Florida Bay.
I've been speaking to
some fishing buddies.
They told me that a
submerged rock formation
is now above water in the
channel, in the outer banks.
I promise you the shots
will be sick.
We'd be the first to capture it.
They say it looks
like the Bahamas.
It's just a little further out.
But if we leave now,
we can be there
and back by nightfall.
How much further out?
Well, it's just past Cuba,
so I guess that should be...
Shut up!
No. I mean, where we're headed,
I would say maybe another
hour beyond that.
So three hours?
Yeah.
How do you know if
it's still above water?
Well, my buddies
were there two days ago.
It's mostly underwater,
but with these peak tides
we're having,
should be high and dry
for at least two or
three hours during low tide.
Wouldn't it be awesome
to be the first
to capture an entirely
new island?
I'm in.
Yeah? Good.
Me too.
Great! Great!
Okay!
Hey! Phone!
Want it in the dry bag?
I'm probably just gonna
hang on to it, but thank you.
Well, these are the things
that cannot get wet.
I thought you said your
makeup was waterproof.
Well, it is, but my kit's not.
Okay. All right, guys,
let's hit the water.
We gotta make our window.
Let's go.
Ladies...
I call blue!
Oh, you got
the pretty one.
I got you.
Nice, all right.
Take your time.
Good?
Nice. Balance.
Okay.
We're good to go!
All right, ladies.
Tide cycles are at peak
highs and peak lows.
We gotta get in,
get what we need, get out,
before it goes back underwater.
Fortunately, with a
photographer like myself
and a stellar
makeup artist like you,
a couple of hours will
be more than enough.
Forgetting someone?
Oh, yeah, our subject.
Yeah, yeah.
She's all right, but you know,
with all that natural beauty
in the environment,
the model doesn't matter much.
You're gonna shoot me
in silhouette, right?
Silhouette? Yeah.
Actually, the whole thing's
not gonna even be in focus.
That sounds about right.
Ouch!
Guess you don't need
a makeup artist anyway.
Oh, no, no.
We definitely need you.
Even in silhouette, she's gonna
need as much makeup as possible.
Okay...
Okay, okay, all right!
All right!
Enough fun.
Jeez, we gotta get there!
Keep paddling, ladies,
keep paddling.
Beep, beep.
Hey, Sarah.
I saw you on your phone earlier.
- Was that your dad?
- Yeah.
How's he doin'?
Okay, I guess.
Definitely not
used to being alone.
Yeah.
Yeah, I get it.
My mom passed away about
a year ago.
But we knew it was coming,
so we were prepared.
I mean, as well
as anyone can be.
I'm so sorry.
Thanks.
It's not easy.
She was...
She was one of a kind,
just like her daughter.
An artist, right?
Her dad is a bush pilot,
flew all over the world,
was delivering medicine
in Botswana.
He was in the Air Force.
Not the Air Force.
What was it then?
Civil Air Patrol.
Yeah, that's part
of the Air Force.
No, it's different.
They're volunteers.
Right, volunteer.
So he's a super hero.
Did he ask about me?
Actually, he did.
Yes! See?
Super hero.
Whoa!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Those are dolphins!
Check it out.
Wow!
I've never been this close
to dolphins before.
Whoa!
Dude, look at that!
That dolphin is really beat up.
What do you think did that?
Maybe a boat?
No, no, no.
These are bottlenose.
I mean, they're
the bad boys of the ocean.
Who knows who
they're hustling with.
It looks like bite marks.
Yeah.
We're making good time, ladies.
Let's take five.
Please...
How much further, you think?
Say around two hours.
See, this is the time
I think I would have loved
to pitch in to a motorboat.
Okay, planet killer, right?
Look, I mean, this can be
pretty dodgy around here,
especially if you don't
know the area.
I mean, you got reefs,
oysters bars.
You gotta be careful.
Yeah. Honestly, even
the Coast Guard takes it easy
in the back water.
Didn't you say you were a
monster with a paddle?
Yeah... not this kind
of paddle.
Okay.
What? Live a little.
So this is our usual spot,
but the rock formation we're
gonna be shooting at today
is just a little bit further
south towards the reef.
Gonna be worth that extra mile.
Um, will you put this
in your dry bag, please?
Certainly.
Glad to see you've come around.
Behave.
What?
All right, guys.
Almost there.
And here we are!
Look at this place!
Doesn't this look great?
I don't know.
Looks like a cement block
with barnacles.
We're not goin' for pretty.
We're going for unique.
The shots are gonna be awesome.
Woo!
Whoa.
Wow.
All right!
What do we think?
Wow!
It's definitely not the Bahamas,
but I feel we can probably
make it work.
Okay? Right.
That's what we wanna hear!
All right, let's get this
show on the road!
Yeah.
Let me get the camera.
You guys do makeup.
- Will you get my wrap?
- Yeah.
Sit right there?
Yeah, perfect.
Okay.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking let's keep
with the natural look.
- I like it.
- Okay.
You have a natural
beauty about you.
Thank you.
- Yeah, you, too.
- Thank you!
- Yeah.
- Okay, let's see.
Do you want to fry it
or do you wanna...
I like it a little wet.
Perfect!
What do you think?
Yeah, it's nice.
Damn, a beautiful mermaid!
I'm serious!
And then with the wrap
on your waist, it'll be perfect.
Yeah, I dig it.
All right, let's do some shoots.
All right, nice!
Yeah, that's it.
Get that light.
Nice, let's do it. Can you
turn a little bit that way?
Yeah, that's it.
Ha-ha.
All right, hold on a sec!
I wasn't expecting you
to invite me out here.
Well, why not?
You're awesome.
Thank you.
I know, it's just the whole...
Sarah thing.
No, look. Sarah and
I are friends, good friends.
Yeah, yeah, I can see that.
It's not like that.
I just don't want to get
in between anything...
There's nothing there,
not anymore.
Look, Sarah and I, we were
together for a while.
And it was special, but it's not
special in the way you think.
I care about Sarah and her
family means the world to me.
I admire her... and her dad.
I was with them when
her mom had her illness.
You know, it almost
broke their family.
I'm really happy
that you came, okay?
Yeah, I'm so happy to be here.
I just want...
I just want to make sure
you can do what you want
and you're cool with it.
You know what I wanna do?
I would love for
us three to make
some really cool art together.
Me, too.
I actually have that
same one at home.
No kidding? Right?
Check this one out.
The lighting is so dope!
You wanna get down a little bit?
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
I'll grab the GoPro.
Do you mind holding this?
- I don't mind at all.
- Thank you.
Okay.
You're right, yeah.
That's gonna be good!
Looking good!
She's nice.
Meghan? Yeah, she's cool.
I, uh, I don't know much
about her makeup credentials.
But I can definitely see
why you'd want
to bring her along.
You guys seem like you're
getting along real well.
Yeah, she's cool.
We hung out after
the last gallery.
You left early.
Yeah, I honestly think she'd be
a really good pick for you.
We're, uh, we're
doin' matchmaker now?
That's an interesting switch.
No, I'm not playing matchmaker.
I'm just making an observation.
An observation, okay.
Well, what do you see now?
What do you observe?
I observe that we should
probably just keep shooting.
Sarah?
What?
All I'm saying is that...
if you ever did decide to move
on, I would be happy for you.
Yeah.
All right. Are we good?
Yeah, yeah, we're good.
- Underwater shots?
- Yeah, sure.
Go for it.
Me first?
Woo!
All right, I got you!
Ready?
- Woo!
Jason.
Go back up, all right?
Okay, wait 'til I get
low and swim down to me, yeah?
Oh, my God.
Shark!
Sarah! Jason!
Get out of the water!
There's a shark!
- Jason!
- Sarah, get to shore!
Ah!
Jason!
What are we gonna do?
It's right there!
I don't know!
What do we do?
I've never been through this!
My phone, my phone,
my phone, my phone.
My phone's in here.
Just, uh...
My phone's dead.
My phone's dead!
Just get your phone!
Is it working?
No signal!
Go find a signal
and call 911, please.
Just call 911.
I'm not calling 911.
I'm calling my dad.
No, no, no, no!
Please just call 911!
My battery is almost dead,
all right?
I only have time
to make one call.
Why would your dad be
the one to call?
He will figure it out!
If there's anybody that
can do this, it's him!
But my battery is dying and I
still don't have a signal, okay?
Your dad doesn't
know we're here!
We changed our plans, remember?
He will figure it out, okay?
I need you to trust me!
You're supposed to call 911.
You're not supposed
to call your daddy.
Okay, we call 911,
911 calls the Coast Guard.
They call the Navy and
they call Civil Air Patrol!
Either way, it ends up on
his desk for Search and Rescue!
So I need you to trust me.
Because I just got a signal
and I'm calling my dad!
Yes. Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, God.
Yes, hello?
Dad, dad, dad, listen!
It's me!
Dad, I don't have a lot of time,
but we're stranded where
we're on this rock formation.
And we didn't go to the island
that we normally go to.
We're like an hour
off of Cudjoe Key!
Dad, Jason died.
It was a shark.
Wait a second!
Jason's dead?
Yes!
This thing is circling
and the tide's coming in.
We're not safe here.
Are you okay?
We're here!
We're on land!
Dad, the tide's rising a
lot faster than I thought!
I think we have
like 45 minutes.
I have that long and
this phone's gonna die!
I just need you to tell me
that you're gonna find us!
Honey, listen.
You're doin' good.
I'll get on with
Civil Air Patrol.
Telephone Forensics Team
can get a bead on your location.
Stay where you are
as long as you can.
Yeah, we'll stay here, but,
Dad, the water's rising.
The tide's coming in so much
faster than we thought.
Okay, and are there
any other islands around?
Is there anyplace else
you can go?
Yes! I saw one on
the way in here.
I don't know where it is,
but I can find it.
Listen, just stay there
as long as you can.
It's coming... It's coming back!
The shark!
What was that?
Are you okay?
We're fine, we're fine!
Just please promise me
you'll find us, okay?
Honey! Honey!
Dad!
It's something.
Listen, yes, I've tried.
I tried to get her back, but
it goes straight to voicemail.
Do you have enough data
to pinpoint her location?
Cellphone forensics is
analyzing the pings
from their phones provided
by the cellphone carrier.
As you were saying, it appears
the phones are off now.
With the limited data
we do have,
I can't get exact
GPS coordinates.
But by tracking
the direction of the pings
when the phones were on,
it appears you're right
from what you were saying.
It seems to be they're
traveling towards
the outer islands
of the Florida Bay,
the Cudjoe Basin.
Right. So it looks like
they were heading
to those outer islands that
I was telling you about.
All the initial pings line up
heading to those islands,
except the last one
which was a little off,
which could be an anomaly.
With only one local tower,
it's hard to get an
exact GPS location.
How confident are you of the
accuracy of the cellphone data?
Unfortunately, the cellphone
forensics team
won't be able to pinpoint
their exact location.
With only one local
tower in that area,
it's more of a wilderness area.
If there were
three local towers,
we would be able to
triangulate their location.
We are basing it on
what we have
and what you told us
about their destination.
Okay, got it.
The other issue is because
of the single tower,
reception becomes an issue.
There's no full coverage
in that basin.
If they venture in
an area without reception,
even our limited tracking
is impossible.
What is the ETA on getting
a decision on who's available?
I'll have an answer
by 0300 hours.
It's got to be faster than that!
That area is affected
by tidal flow.
I hear what you're saying.
We'll have an answer pronto.
And I will get eyes in
the sky as soon as possible.
Okay.
Then I'll call her back soon.
Now let me know if
the cellphone forensics team
can get a better idea
on their location, okay? Thanks.
We'll do our best to
find her, James.
I'll be in touch.
Hey, it's Sarah.
Leave me a message
and I'll call you back.
Honey, I guess
you're phone is off.
I got you through
Civil Air Patrol.
We're working on trying to
get a lock on your location.
It won't be exact,
but close enough
to narrow down the search.
They're gonna send up
a spotter plane within one hour.
I hope you're all right.
Don't worry.
Help is on the way.
So call me.
I love you.
Tides are coming in fast again.
I noticed.
What are we gonna do?
Look for higher ground.
I'm not getting back
in that water.
I'm not.
I'm not doing it.
Look, where we stand,
will soon be underwater
and we won't have a choice.
Maybe we just stay here,
someone will find us!
And we won't have to get back
in the water with the shark.
That'd be great, but we
can't argue with the reality
of the situation
we're in right now,
which is that this island
is going under fast.
So we do need to act
and we need to act now.
Sarah, the kayaks!
Shit!
What?
- Come on!
- Oh, come on!
It's right there, it's right
there, it's right there!
Meghan, put your paddle
in the water and let's go!
Okay, okay, okay!
Come on, Meg.
I need you to keep the pace up!
Where do we go?
Right there.
Dry land, it's right there.
Meghan, are you with me?
Oh, God.
It's back
- It's back.
- Where?
It's right there.
Let's go!
What is that?
Oh my God, it's sharks.
It's sharks, it's sharks,
it's sharks!
Come on!
Move!
Dolphins.
Come on! This is our window!
Let's go!
Okay!
Meghan, let's go!
Where do we go?
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Right in front of us!
I don't know!
Meghan, don't stop!
It's coming this way.
Come on. You got this.
Keep up with me, Meg!
That's the land right there.
We can make it.
I gotta take a break,
I gotta take a break.
We gotta keep goin'!
Please, I just need a minute.
Sarah, please, just one minute.
I didn't sign up
for this survival B.S.
Neither did I.
Why couldn't he
have done this shoot
on like a beach with
big palm trees?
You know, originally, we talked
about doing this in a pool.
Are you kidding me?
What happened?
You know Jason.
He always had to push the limit.
Well, after this, I am no
longer pushing my limits.
I'm only working on dry land
and preferably close
to a place where
I can get a drink.
Sure I can't interest you
in a three-week
editorial shoot through
polar bear country?
That was next up on
our to-do list.
Hey, do you mind handing me
that knife?
I'll cut both
of our wrists.
Okay.
You ready to get to moving?
Yeah.
That's it, Meg.
Sarah... Sarah?
It's a shark! It's a shark!
It's a shark!
It's a dolphin.
What?
Are you sure?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
No, no, no, no, that's a shark.
That's a shark!
Shark!
Paddle!
Oh, no, oh, no!
Sarah, wait!
What?
Listen to me, please!
Sharks are attracted to
vibrations, right?
Maybe they're attracted
to our paddling.
So maybe if we stand still,
they won't find us.
Dude, we can make it.
You know what?
I'm not going to make it!
I'll stay with you.
Okay, I'll stay with you.
Okay, hold there.
If we tie our kayaks together,
we can make one shape
in the water.
It'll make us look bigger,
not like something
that that thing
can eat, okay?
I'm gonna hold on to this.
Catch this.
This will hopefully buy us
enough time to rest
and then we can just
make it to that island.
Okay, pull your paddle in.
Where is it?
Shh! Be quiet.
Sarah? Sarah?
We're fine.
Did you see its eyes roll back?
What does that mean?
When it bites into
something it can't see.
Is it still right here?
I don't know.
Hey, are you girls okay?
Get out! Get out!
Meghan! Meghan!
Do you need any help?
Come on, come on!
We gotta get over there.
He's dead, Sarah.
Sarah, stop.
Sarah, stop!
He's dead!
Sarah, listen to me!
The man's dead!
We can get over there.
We can reach that!
We can get...
Sarah, you're not thinking!
The lanyard fell
down with him!
It's a Sea-Doo, okay?
So even if we got
to the jet ski,
the lanyard still fell down
with the rider!
So it's not going to start!
Do you got it?
Come on, we gotta go!
Come on.
- Please, just help me!
- Okay! Okay.
Sarah!
Look! Look!
There's a sandbar!
We can make it!
Come on!
What do you want?
Sarah, this is me calling
in to check with you!
I hope you're hangin' in tight.
Air Patrol has a decent lock
on your position there.
It's a ballpark estimate
because they don't have
enough cell towers out there
to triangulate your location.
But once they get in the air,
they should be able
to pick you out.
We're checkin' on the
outer islands, okay?
So call me back.
Call me back, honey,
call me back.
Hey, it's Sarah.
Leave me a message
and I'll call you back.
Sarah, honey, listen.
I hope you're safe.
I wanted to let you know that
the helicopter is up in the air.
Marine Patrol is synching
with the Coast Guard.
All hands are on deck
to get you home.
I wanted to give
you some good news.
Right now, where
you're at is experiencing
what they call the king tides.
It's a phenomenon having
to do with
the moon being in its pedigree.
The part of Florida where
you're at can get to real bad.
It's a full moon tonight and
When the tide comes in,
there's a chance there won't be
any dry land left
in the entire basin.
It'll flood all the
little islands
until the Keys on the outer
edge of the Florida Bay.
Do whatever you can to find the
highest ground and wait it out.
I've always said that
I would go through
hell and high water
to keep you safe.
Now I know you've been
through hell
and now you're gonna have to
go through high water, okay?
Hang in there, honey.
Hang in there because help
is on the way, okay?
Your dad loves you.
I'm sorry.
I know.
I knew.
Jason never stopped loving you.
I didn't even want
to come on this gig.
I didn't want
to come on this gig
because I knew he was
still in love with you.
And I know you guys broke up!
And I wouldn't
have been with him
if you guys were still together!
You may not have loved him,
but I did.
And now he's gone.
This is not what I wanted!
Goddamn it!
This is not what I planned!
I wanted a white picket fence!
I wanted...
I wanted a dog!
Jason.
You had everything and
you threw it all away.
I think you should know...
this is not what
I planned for my life either!
I'm not going down by shark.
Yeah.
How you wanna go down then?
I don't know, but I'll
tell you one thing.
This? Right here, all of this?
This is not it!
And I don't wanna be laying down
in some hospital bed
tied up to machines with tubes
coming out of every
hole in my body, just dwindling
while my family watches!
I don't want to be
sitting there
trying to find
something to say
to make it all better.
I wanna be 100 years old
and surrounded by grandchildren.
And I wanna be drinking
the best mug of tea
you've ever had
in your entire life.
That's how I'm gonna go out.
You wanna die by tea?
Yeah.
I think dying by tea sounds
really nice right about now.
I thought tea extended
your life.
No. Talking about sweet tea.
Oh, with sugar.
And lemon.
Lemon's good for you.
Sugar? I don't approve.
It's bad. It's bad for you.
You have a problem with sugar?
Yeah, I have a problem
with sugar.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I don't know if we can
be friends after this.
Me either.
Was that your mom...
who you were talking about?
Is that how she...
Cancer.
By the time they caught it,
there wasn't much
we could do
except...
sit and watch.
That's...
After that is when Jason
and I decided to split.
I need you to know
that I did love him.
I did.
But I wasn't in love with him.
And watching my mom,
it just made me
re-evaluate everything.
It made me realize that
that wasn't fair to him.
It wasn't fair to keep him
in that when I knew that
there was someone that
could love him better.
Someone like you.
That's why when I saw
him today, with you,
and he was smiling
and he was laughing
like a real Jason laugh.
I was happy for him.
I was. I was happy for him.
That is what he deserves.
It's what he deserved.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Sarah!
Sarah!
Sarah, Sarah!
- Hey!
- Hey, hey!
Hey, over here!
Hey, hey!
- We're right here!
- We're over here!
- Right here!
- Over here!
Hey!
Come on! Get the kayak.
Ready, left to right,
left to right, tilt it.
- Hey!
Okay, just... just...
Get your phone!
Get your phone and
see if you got any service!
I put a solar charger
in the dry bag!
Full bars, but
the charger's not working!
- Let me do it.
- What the heck?
I got it, I got it!
There's water in it.
Yeah, it hasn't
been charging.
Meghan, we probably
just need to lay it out.
- Just set it down.
- I'm trying to get it in.
It hasn't been charging.
It's dead.
Just let it go!
Work!
It's not gonna work.
Let it go, just...
It's connected.
There, go, put it in.
Oh my God.
You fixed it.
How'd you do it?
Whoever said watching
random YouTube videos
was stupid is wrong.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
Sarah, Sarah, Sarah?
Whoa, we were just
there a minute ago
and now it's underwater!
What are we gonna do if this
whole thing goes underwater?
We still have the kayaks.
I'm not getting back
into that water!
I think you were on to something
with the movement thing.
We can just
minimize our movement
and stick to the shallow areas.
That thing is right
next to shore!
I know that, but
you're not helping, okay?
Right now, I need you
to look at the bright side!
Yeah? And what is that?
We're not dead yet!
Oh, right, yeah.
We're not dead yet.
We're just stranded
on an island.
A shark's trying to hunt us,
the sea plane can't find us.
And now the island is flooding!
What next?
The shark's just gonna
turn into a tornado?
I can't do this anymore, Sarah!
Um...
Yeah, hello? Sarah?
Dad, dad!
Yeah, it's me.
How are you doing?
Yes, we're fine,
but I just saw a chopper.
It was a single-engine chopper.
I think it was them.
Well, that was it!
That's great!
Can you give me more
information about the fly-by?
That'll help me figure
out where exactly you are!
They flew right over us.
They flew right over us
to the east
and way north, Dad, way north!
Well, that's helpful.
They've been searching
on the other islands
and they're expanding
from there.
No, no, no!
We didn't go to Cudjoe Key, Dad!
No, we're on this new island.
Jason said it just
formed in the hurricane.
It just formed
like a month ago.
And I don't even think
it's on their maps.
You must be south, southwest
of the search area.
I'll have them modify
their search grid.
If you can keep
your phone on,
we might be
able to get a better lock
on your new location.
I don't think we have much time.
We may not be able
to stay here long.
The water's rising.
Okay, then stay calm, stay calm.
Dad...
Your area is experiencing a peak
of what they call king tides.
You know about king tides?
Yes, I know about king tides.
They're higher than normal.
That's right.
Much higher.
Unfortunately, that area you're
in can be particularly hard hit.
It's the equivalent
of experiencing a storm surge,
but it's with the tide alone.
It's not based on weather,
but the phase of the moon.
The stats tell me
all the islands out there
may be overwhelmed.
Hello?
You still there?
Yes.
You still have your kayaks?
Yes, we have the kayaks,
Dad, but...
Listen. I know this is gonna
be difficult
and I wish I could
be there with you.
But you and Meghan
have done great so far.
You keep up what
you've been doing.
It's been keeping
you both alive.
Dad, be honest with me:
if they don't find us
by sundown,
are you guys gonna
suspend the search?
We will find you, honey.
We will find you!
I know.
I know that you
won't give up, Dad.
But if the tides are as
powerful as you say,
and...
and if you guys have
to suspend the search,
I just want you
to know that we tried.
The spotter helicopter
will find you!
I just want you to know
that I love you
and I went out fighting.
Stay on the line.
I'm not gonna let you down.
I've never done
that before, have I?
Okay, okay.
- Dad!
- Sarah!
Sarah, hello!
Dad!
Civic Air Patrol,
Darren speaking.
Hello, it's James Murray.
I'm just off the phone
with my daughter.
We have a new data set
for cellphone forensics.
I had her on the line for
approximately three minutes.
We need to expand the search
from our initial grid.
I have new information
on her location.
Our initial search area,
I believe, was incorrect.
They traveled to a new
location, another island.
With the king tides,
the water is rising fast.
Stand by.
I'll get right back to you.
Copy that.
I'll get back to you soon.
This island's flooded.
We gotta go.
We got this.
I talked to Fish and Wildlife
and the NOAA Fisheries
Southeast Marine
Mammal Stranding
Network coordinator.
You're not going
to believe this!
Apparently a pod of pilot
whales stranded and died
on the outer shoals
of Cudjoe Basin
approximately two weeks ago.
They tell me it was a
about thirty whales.
It may have had something
to do with the hurricane.
No-one knows.
They were stranded and died
in the shallow water.
Standard operating procedure
when something like that happens
out there in such
a remote area is
to leave the carcasses to
decay and return to nature,
which NOAA confirmed they did.
So there are whale carcasses
in the water down there?
There were whales carcasses.
It gets complicated.
Apparently NOAA began
receiving reports
from boaters and fishermen
of a massive great white shark
feeding on the whales' remains.
It was reported to be
a six-meter shark.
Great whites are seasonal
visitors to the Keys.
It is unusual for something
like this to show up
in that area on the back side
of the keys.
Well, sure, but if there's
something drawing it in
like a pod of dead whales...
Right, So after reports of the
large shark feeding in the area,
NOAA decided to remove
the carcasses from the water
in hopes that the shark
would leave.
And that didn't happen?
Well, they did
remove the carcasses,
but the shark didn't leave.
Does this explain
the shark's behavior?
I put in a call to
the Mote Marine Laboratory.
They have a few theories on what
is going on with the shark.
Sharks are opportunistic feeders
and finding something like
a whale is a rare opportunity.
When they find a
large source of food
such as those whale carcasses,
the shark's appetite expands
to take advantage of the bounty.
So basically the
appetite increases
relative to the
availability of food.
Encountering a dead whale for
a shark is a rare opportunity.
And the expansion of appetite
is a natural way for the shark
to take advantage of an abundant
food supply while it lasts.
It turbo charges
their appetites.
This allows the shark to go
from feast to famine
and survive periods
when it cannot find food,
kind of like a lion at a kill.
When it has to, it can eat many
times more food than normal.
And this keeps it going
through lean times.
So the presence of
the whale carcass
increases the shark's appetite.
And when they removed
the whales,
instead of driving
the shark away,
they left the shark
with super-sized appetite
looking for prey.
That's one of the theories,
and it makes sense to me.
The biologists also surmise
that the shark
may have become more aggressive
in a territorial manner.
It may have had
to drive off other predators
from the whale carcasses.
If it's going after the kayaks,
it could be defending
it's territory.
The last theory is what
they call a rogue shark.
This is a shark that,
for whatever reason,
goes on a spree of attacks.
There is historical
precedence for this,
a few instances where a single
shark made multiple attacks.
It's rare.
but it happens.
Well, it sounds like it could
be a combination of both.
We gotta find them and
get them off the water.
And then make sure we're
searching for the right area.
I know there are a lot
of islands out there.
But based on
their original position,
I think we've been searching
the wrong area.
I know what the forensics
have been saying.
But Sarah told me they paddled
out to a brand new sandbar.
Listen, these sandbars change.
New ones form and
old ones disappear.
I don 't think that
they were at any of the ones
that we have on our maps.
Copy that.
Right now,
we're pushing the limit
on our flying time out here.
We can do a redirect depending
on where you tell me.
That would involve a refueling.
If that were to happen,
we'd have to go back
to the airstrip to refuel,
which would not allow us enough
daylight to finish our search.
Are they still out
over the Cudjoe Basin?
I mean, I think they can
manage this without refueling.
Copy that.
It's your decision.
But you do know if
we run out of fuel,
that'll be the end of
the search for today.
All right, I got you.
Listen.
Now they said they
saw your helicopter.
You can't be too far off.
Copy.
What is your redirect?
I want you to change
the search grid, okay?
We need to look on the same
line, but further south.
If you only have fuel
enough to search one more place,
then this would be it.
If this information's
incorrect, it's on you.
Sir, this is my
daughter out there!
If this is a rogue
shark attack like you say,
we don't have time to waste!
So please change
your search grid
to the coordinates that follow.
I see it!
I see it, it's coming back!
It's coming back this way!
Where?
Sarah, it's right there!
It's right there!
What do we do?
Shh.
Hold position.
Stay calm!
Meghan, I need you
to stay calm.
Over here!
Hold on, I'm gonna try
and flag him down.
Come on!
We have visual on the kayakers.
We have visual!
Yeah, let me get
a little bit closer.
Hey!
Oh, there's a massive shark
circling the kayakers.
Let me get a picture.
All right, picture sent.
We need to send a boat.
I can't get to the swimmers.
Running low on fuel.
Headed back to base to refuel.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Yeah, hello?
I just got your message!
Can't you land in there
and just pick them up?
That's a negative.
There's too many submerged
reefs where they're at.
How much is the draft
on that helicopter?
It's not the draft
of the chopper,
it's the water clarity.
Right now, the visual is
not clear enough
for our pilot to choose
a safe patch for landing.
We're directing a
boat to them now.
How long is it gonna take?
It should be under 10 minutes.
Can you guys in the helicopter
keep an eye on the shark?
That's a negative.
The spotter chopper has
to refuel and return to base.
Oh, come on!
I'm sorry. If that
chopper doesn't return to base
now to refuel,
it may not make it back.
Let me know the minute that
the boat reaches them.
They're gonna
come back, Meghan.
They're not gonna leave us here!
How do we know
they're gonna come back?
Stay calm.
They're going to come back.
Trust me!
Where's it going?
Where the hell did it go?
Oh!
There's a boat!
Where?
Hey! Come on!
Head over here!
- That's them!
- Hey!
Over here!
There's a reef there!
It's too shallow!
Come to us!
Paddle, paddle!
Come on. Let's go!
Hey!
Hey, come to us!
Please!
No! You have to come to us!
Come on!
Please meet us!
Meghan!
Here.
Grab my paddle!
Grab my hand!
I got you! I got you!
Come on!
Come on! Come on! Hurry!
Where is it?
Do you see it?
I don't see it!
I don't see it, Sarah!
That way.
Go that way! That way!
I lost the knife!
Come on! Come on!
Hurry up!
Go! Go, Meghan!
Go, Meghan, go!
Sarah Murray!
Got your father on the phone.
Sarah, Sarah, are you there?
I'm here, Daddy.
All right.
Thank God, thank God.
Are you hurt?
Are you okay?
I'm...
We're okay, we're okay.
All right, good.
Listen, now paramedics
are gonna be meeting you
at the docks, okay?
I know you're a tough cookie,
but they're gonna have
to check you over.
I'm catching
the red eye over tonight.
I'll be seeing you as soon
as I get there.
Okay.
Listen, you did good, honey,
just like I knew you would.
Your mom would be proud of you.
Dad?
Yeah?
When I get back,
I wanna
talk about Mom's studio.
Okay, honey, okay.
I don't know. Maybe I could
pick up the brush again.
I think that could be good.
We'll go with whatever you want.
It's all right with me,
whatever you want.
You just let me know.
I love you, honey.
I love you, too, Dad.
I love you, too.
Can you still hear me?
Yes.
All right, honey.
Listen, I love you.
I love you very, very much,
more than you'll ever know.
Okay, I'm glad you're okay.
Goodbye.
Hey, Sarah?
If you ever ask me
to do your makeup again,
I'm gonna have to say no.
And it's nothing personal.
Like you're... you're great.
It's just I can never,
ever do this again.
Yeah, me neither.
You really like painting?
I think New Mexico would be
a great place for you.
Georgia O'Keefe
used to live there.
And, um,
she would sit there
and she would just paint.
And I think the moment
you'd get there,
you'd never ever want to leave.
And you know the best
part about New Mexico?
No.
No water!
No ocean!
No lakes!
It's just dry.
Sounds pretty good.
I'm in.
I am totally in.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org